[ThirdParty] NCCL examples (#60)
TiarkRompf/lms-clean: doc/lms_code_walk.md

typed expressions in the input program evaluate to LMS IR. This can be considered as the LMS frontend.
Then the LMS backend compiles the LMS IR to target programs.

## Overview

The basic LMS IR is defined in this file:
[LMS Core](main/scala/lms/core/backend.md)

> 

Author: I will fill this doc up :)

typed expressions in the input program evaluate to LMS IR. This can be considered as the LMS frontend.
Then the LMS backend compiles the LMS IR to target programs.

## Overview

The basic components of LMS support includes:
1. LMS IR: defining how the core LMS IR looks like.

> 2. CodeGen: defining how to generate target language.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. CodeGen: defining how to generate code in the target language.
```

3. FrontEnd: defining how to construct the LMS IR nicely.

The basic LMS IR is defined in this file `lms-clean/src/main/scala/lms/core/backend.scala`:
[LMS Core](main/scala/lms/core/backend.md)

The simple typeless frontend is defined in this file `lms-clean/src/main/scala/lms/core/frontend.scala`:
[LMS Simple Frontend](main/scala/lms/core/frontend.md)

> The iconic typed (`Rep[T]`) frondend is defined in this file `lms-clean/src/main/scala/lms/core/stub.scala`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The iconic typed (`Rep[T]`) frontend is defined in this file `lms-clean/src/main/scala/lms/core/stub.scala`:
```

[LMS Frontend](main/scala/lms/core/stub.md)

The basic codegen support is in the file `lms-clean/src/main/scala/lms/core/codegen.scala`
and the folder `lms-clean/src/main/scala/lms/core/codegen/*`.
TODO(feiw): add a markdown file for codegen.

### Extension

> Besides the basic LMS support mensioned above, LMS can be extended to support the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Besides the basic LMS support mentioned above, LMS has included a number of extensions:
```

The `trait ListOps` is the frontend trait of `Rep[List]`. It contains an `object List` for the construction of `Rep[List]`-typed values, and an `implicit class ListOps` for the methods that are available for `Rep[List]`-typed values.

The `trait ListOpsOpt` is the optimized frontend trait of `Rep[List]`, where several
construction-time optimization are introduced.

The `trait ScalaCodeGen_List` is the trait for generating scala code from the nodes
created by `trait ListOps` and `trait ListOpsOpt`. The most important function in this
trait is `override def shallow` to generate code for each `Rep[List]` node.

The `trait CppCodeGen_List` is the trait for generating C++ code from the nodes
created by `trait ListOps` and `trait ListOpsOpt`. Similarly, the most important
function in this trait is `override def shallow` that generates code for each `Rep[List]` node.

### ThirdParty Library

Several examples of third party libraries are implemented here (`lms-clean/src/main/scala/lms/thirdparty`). The key functionality is provide by `lms-clean/src/main/scala/lms/thirdparty/c_lib_utils.scala`.

In the `c_lib_utils.scala` file, we provide the following functionalities:

> 1. Create a Macro by `def cmacro` function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create a macro by the `cmacro` function.
```

> 2. Create a C Struct by `def newStruct` function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Create a C struct by `newStruct` function.
```

> 3. Create a call to library function by `def libFunction` function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Create a call to library functions by `libFunction` function.
```

We only create three types of nodes for thirdparty libraries.

> 1. The `def cmacro` function creates nodes with `op = "cmacro"`.
> 2. The `def newStruct` function creates nodes with `op = "lib-struct"`.
> 3. The `def libFunction` function creates nodes with `op = "lib-Function"`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. The `cmacro` function creates nodes with `op = "cmacro"`.
2. The `newStruct` function creates nodes with `op = "lib-struct"`.
3. The `libFunction` function creates nodes with `op = "lib-Function"`.
```

> The codegen support those nodes are in this same file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The codegen supporting those nodes are in this same file.
```

To mix in traits for the frontend support, just extend the `trait CLibs`.

> To mix in traits for the codegen support, just extend the `trait CCodeGenLibs`.

Reviewer: mix in -> mixin?

Author: I guess `mix in` is verb and `mixin` is noun?

## Put Everything Together: Driver/Compiler

With the support in frontends and codegen, we want to introduce a driver or a compiler that puts all the supports together and offers the programming environment for user application, code generation, compilation, and evaluation.

The basic components of a driver or compiler include:
1. All the needed frontend traits.
2. All the needed codegen traits.

> 3. An abstract `def snippet` that is the user application code

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. An abstract method `snippet`, which will be overridden by the user application code
```
